The Schrödinger equation allows us to express the energy of a wave function. However, since it is not exactly solvable for systems that 
have more than one electron, e.i. all most all things of importance, we are forced to make approximations. In these approximations we will
deviate from reality by applying certain constraints that will allow us to solve the system. However, doing so will decrease the amount
of freedom a system has to evolve. One might ask the question wheter we are not artifficially creating something that behaves like it is 
reality, but acctually is nothing more than a construct. However if we do not impose constraints, we lose a lot of control, meaning that 
interpretation and data collection might jeopardized. 

In this particular case we will take a look at the symmetry in the Hamiltonian. We know that in molecules there can be a lot of symmetry.
This symmetry also exists in that molecules Hamiltonian, and thus also in every eigenfunction. Now we can easily state that every 
approximation we make of these eigenfunctions must contain that same symmetry. If we aspire to create somthing that is close to reality,
but end up with something that does not have any real symmetry, we can do better. The important relation here is that the Hamiltonian 
commutes with S^2, meaning that these operators share a complete set of eigenfunctions. Thus an eigenfunction of the Hamiltonian must also
be an eigenfunction of S^2. This operator is responsible for the symmetry in a molecule.

In this paper we will discuss several modes in Hartree-Fock theory, focussed specifically on this symmetry. We will look at Restricted Closed
Shell HF, Unrestricted HF, Constrianed Unrestricted HF and in a minor capacity at Restricted Open Shell HF. We will compare the energies
and wave functions and we will discuss using a symmetry argument why some energy might be higer than another. We will use 
Single excitation Configuration Interaction (CIS) to help in this analysis, as it will allow us to see multiplet excitation energies, 
which will indicate certain symmetries. If at all possible we will also attempt to visualise the orbitals obtained. 

